hey guys it's me Taylor a true meaning
of radiance I'm back one more game y'all
know when I get chance to record I tried
to record as much as I can at one time
so today's video is going to be what's
new at the drugstore guys I got goodies
a lot east i found my local heb hv is
equivalent i always say to like a woman
or something like that but they got the
deep deep discounts and coupons alright
so let's go ahead and get started so the
first thing i found i haven't seen much
of these these are the Olay fresh
effects on the clean notice clear skin
they're just like spot whites these are
not makeup makeup maneuvers they're not
makeup removers but they're like
cleansers for your face off up this was
really cool to try and they run about
458 and then run into the caress this is
the fine fragrance it's like a 12 hour
and it's activated like when you touch
your body or somebody else touch your
body okay so it activates it that way
and it smells amazing my girl fearless
beam put me onto this oh my god is
called love forever it just smells
amazing and as you can see is like red
and inside and I don't I can't wait to
use this y'all this is going into the
shower after this video but fearless'
just says so many good things about it i
had to find it and i had to get my hands
on it and i think it runs about 398 at
your local like I guess walmart I guess
sweating while has this new line out i
guess the silver lake's collection that
they came out with this year I didn't
get any of the eyeshadows haven't seen
those like crazy I didn't want any of
them but I did pick up two of the nail
polishes this green one is in tree
hugger and this I don't know what is
that like a purple lavender kind of
color is a latte love and I did pick up
the color icon went and wowed that one
with the collection as well blushes is
like a blushing glow trio and this is in
solar power and as you guys remember you
know they came out with something like
this last year and it was it kind of I
don't want to say sucked it was okay but
it came in like a um like there was the
palm tree kind of thing this one is a
trio so it's a lot better and let me try
to open
for you guys it's what the tree looks
like like this it is so pretty this is
going to be a nice blush I think the
other two are just like they're supposed
to be a bronzer and a highlight to me I
mix these two together I probably get a
real nice highlight I don't see myself
bronzing much with this cuz even this
color to me will make a nice highlight
yeah that's not gonna bronze much for me
but guys this is so pretty and it was
only 398 I will do a review on it if you
want they come in three different shades
of course I got the darkest shade
because it would be the best one for my
skin tone and I also seen this this is I
guess the macadamia natural oil deep
repair masque so I went ahead and scoop
that it was all the rage Lasher on
youtube I never tried it but I went
ahead and got this one because it was a
smaller one I think the bigger one is
like thirty nine dollars I'm not just
trying something out for $39 your family
so I went ahead and got the smaller one
I'm in this one was 1198 it finds some
things that Walmart as well this is the
sally hansen i don't know if you guys
seen this it's their version of the deep
brown bike anastacio beverly hills and
this one is in dark brown i'm going to
try and compare it to anastacio and do a
review for you guys this one right home
is a heck of a lot cheaper than I
understand i think it was like 498 and
it came with the spoolie but i gave this
fully to my sister alone cuz she needed
a spoolie so I just kept this and I'm
hard candy has a new primer this is a
smoky eyeshadow primer so if you're not
good oh I just dropped it this is for a
smokey eye in this is called smoky
shadow primer so if you're not good with
doing them smokey eyes this will do it
for you and trust me it will a little
product goes a long way because it comes
out black I learnt that the hard way the
first time but it comes out black and
guys I'm telling you it gives you the
bomb smokey eye you just got to use it
with a light light hand so definitely if
you want to review on it let me know the
last thing that i came across and i want
to try this i tried a couple times and i
really want to you know get deep into it
dig into a dive into it because i want
to review it this is the fast and
fabulous from hard candy make up setting
spray basically you open the top like
that and then it spreads out it gives a
big
but it smells pretty good I used it a
couple times nothing bad to say about it
yet I do want to use it more often to
give you guys a review see if it's worth
spending you know this 699 or if you
need to go somewhere else spend a little
bit mo so I thought this was excellent
is one of the cheapest setting sprays on
the market right now 699 I no elf has
one for three dollars but come on our
candy just came up with this so y'all I
gotta review it for you got to I hope
you guys enjoyed my what's new at the
drugstore video remember very calm and
subscribe and if you found something you
at the drugstore definitely tell me
about it in the comments below and I'll
see you guys in the next one deuces